Welcome to dlg2html, a set of scripts which converts DLG (Dialog)
Pro BBS messages to HTML.

LICENCE
-------

dlg2html is free software. Please see the file COPYING for details.


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
-------------------

To run dlg2html, you will need the following:

* GNU bash
* GNU Core Utilities (coreutils)

These packages are typically already installed on most GNU/Linux
systems.


INSTALLATION
------------

Copy the files dlgsplit and dlg2html to somewhere in your command path
(e.g., /usr/local/bin).


RUNNING DLG2HTML
----------------

DLG Pro (also known as Dialog or DLG) is a bulletin board system (BBS)
for the Amiga personal computer.  dlg2html is a set of shell scripts
which help automate the conversion DLG message bases to HTML for
archiving or mirroring on the Web.  The HTML message files contain the
appropriate links to the next and previous messages, as well as to any
replies or referenced messages; a message index is also produced.
dlg2html works with terminal dumps of DLG message boards, which means
you do not need access to the actual BBS files to perform the
conversion.  The dlg2html distribution consists of two shell scripts,
dlgsplit and dlg2html.

dlgsplit takes as input a terminal dump of a range of DLG messages and
splits it into a number of files, one for each message.  The files are
named xx1, xx2, etc., where 'xx' is some user-defined prefix, and the
numbers are the BBS message numbers.

dlg2html takes as input the files produced by dlgsplit and outputs
XHTML 1.0 files xx1.html, xx2.html, etc., plus message index files
xx_subject.html, xx_date.html, and xx_author.html.

The behaviour of the two scripts can be modified via command-line
options.  Run the scripts with the option `--help' for a summary of
the command syntax and the available options.

For an example of the input expected by dlgsplit, see the file
`example.txt'.
